hey guys sorry for my voice today I'm
going to taste testing the pumpkin spice
latte sorry fatah focus up but yeah so
I'm going to be taste testing the
pumpkin spice latte I'm only going to
show in my mouth in this though because
i have very overprotective parent we got
this at my local Walgreens sorry for my
nails also um so yeah let's just jump
right into it okay so the first thing
I'm going to do is first I'm going to
open it because obviously the smell is
going to be even better okay now let's
see if I don't get this open it oh
you're for the fire still open to the
rapper ok ah somebody help me got it
okay so this is in a willy wonka type of
wrapper and so let's open up I get
really small thing no sorry if the
camera is our focus is a stupid phone
come up because my other camera eyes are
working today we can do this ah how do
you open this and say it for
intermission do you smell bad aren't you
friends not paying any attention to you
well we can't help with that but we
can't help you keep your little ones
away from the lock or plugin days with
this the outlet block the first thing
you need to do is put any outlet that is
it in use and then you're done thank you
brought to you by sparks ok got it so
now I am just going to
ok so now I'm just blew it sock it's
gonna break the offside time to try it
so here's my mouth mm-hmm okay so first
I'm going to try this oh my god okay
it's like a lot a fashion major this is
so good oh my gosh ok how close with
mortals hmm i give this an a-plus i type
i totally recommend it so yeah I sorry
it's you someone knows a little bit I've
had lady knows so it might look kinda
bad in here I'm sorry for he did see my
teeth oh yeah hey risk but I definitely
give this a thumbs up you should
definitely go fly again Almonte and
crimps good agris so yeah go get this at
your local walgreens it I don't even
know how much it was come on it was like
two dollars hold on let me go get the
receipt I'll be right back anyways I've
absolutely no idea how much this was I
think it was probably around a dollar or
two or three it was a in the one to 300
range anyways um thank you guys
definitely rock I definitely recommend
this so those